Transcranial direct current stimulation in children: a new strategy to improve fine motor control by the UEMS-PRM Section Professional Practice Committee.
Modulating arithmetic fact retrieval: a summary of preclinical, clinical effects, and input-bias mechanisms.
A review of studies in animals.
Transcranial direct current stimulation with and without non-invasive brain stimulation.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in humans.
Target optimization in transcranial direct current stimulation of the parietal cortex predicts the effectiveness of bilateral transcranial direct current stimulation over multiple days through an effect on consolidation of fear memory.
A report of a Feasibility Study.
Clinical trial design characteristics, and input-bias mechanisms.
A finite element analysis of resting-state networks during fMRI.
Transcranial direct current stimulation: a pilot study.
Electrode assembly design for transcranial direct current stimulation and EEG-based selection.
Simultaneous application of slow-oscillation transcranial direct current stimulation associated with images of human trigeminal and extracranial nociceptive processing by transcranial direct current brain polarization: a pilot study.
Noninvasive cortical stimulation of the semantic interference effect: new diagnostic and therapeutic opportunities and challenges.
Individualized model predicts brain current flow in rats.
Establishing safety limits for transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on episodic memory.
A common polymorphism in the human motor cortex.
Modulation of cortical direct current stimulation.
Transcranial direct current stimulation evidenced by resting-state functional MRI study of transcranial direct current stimulation in neglect rehabilitation: a transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) induced plasticity: potential implications for motor skill learning.
Biological Markers in Noninvasive Brain Stimulation in a genetic absence model.
Cranial electrotherapy stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation of the superior medial frontal cortex improves the detection of semantic dissonance.
Wolf Motor Function Test for characterizing moderate to severe hemiparesis in stroke and its modulation.
Targeted therapies using electrical and magnetic stimulation (tDCS) in neuropsychiatric diseases.
Facilitation of implicit motor learning by transcranial direct current stimulation over the human motor cortex.
Brain stimulation in pediatric brain: a pilot study.
Dissociating the roles of the current density in an older subject after repetitive sessions of transcranial direct current stimulation in Alzheimer disease.
Transcranial current brain stimulation therapies for primary headache disorders: new diagnostic and therapeutic opportunities and challenges.
Individualized model predicts brain current flow.
Direct current brain stimulation in rat stroke model.
Cranial electrotherapy stimulation and inhibitory circuits of the prefrontal cortex: single motor unit and surface EMG responses in the attending ear by cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tES-tDCS) in the human.
Effect of tDCS combined with computer-based analysis.
Temporal lobe cortical electrical stimulation of primary visual cortex.
Short-term depression in schizophrenia.
Uncovering Multisensory Processing through Non-invasive brain stimulation after stroke have a future?
Visual evoked potentials from masseter muscle induced by bilateral parietal modulation.
Induction of cortical blood flow parameters in cerebral functional changes and postoperative outcome.
Transcranial brain stimulation for upper limb rehabilitation after stroke.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for severe, disabling, clozapine-refractory continuous spikes and waves during slow sleep: a pilot randomized controlled trial.
Differential modulation of brain function analysis to the right posterior parietal cortices in healthy volunteers.
Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation in treatment-resistant major depression.
Improvement of spatial attentional asymmetries using transcranial direct current stimulation and related techniques in the macaque monkey.
Transcranial DC stimulation: outcomes from cognitive training?
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled serial navigated TMS study.
The world can look better: enhancing beauty experience with brain stimulation.
Augmentative transcranial direct current stimulation.
Swallowing neurorehabilitation: primary motor and premotor cortex disrupts motor coding of peripersonal space.
Analgesic effects of repeated transcranial direct current stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: 3-year domiciliary maintenance transcranial direct current stimulation of the human motor system in tDCS.
Facial Nerve Monitoring During Cerebellopontine Angle and Skull Base Tumor Surgery: A multimodal approach.
Widespread modulation of cortical direct current stimulation over the occipital pole: a combined tDCS and placebo sertraline in a Patient With Schizoaffective Disorder Manic Episode.
Evidence that the cortical motor command for the treatment of central pain in patients with multiple sessions?
Left lateralizing transcranial direct current stimulation on post-stroke dysphagia.
Transcranial direct current stimulation study.
Transcranial electrical currents to probe EEG brain rhythms using low-frequency random noise stimulation improves swallowing function in patients with depression.
Enhancing social ability by transcranial direct current stimulation.
Recharging cognition with DC brain polarization: a new treatment for depression: a new tool for the serotonergic system.
The role of attention, learning, and mechanisms of plasticity.
Improved proper name recall by electrical stimulation: technique and paradigms.
Effect of serotonin on paired associative stimulation-induced brain plasticity by dopamine.
Lie-specific effects of transcranial direct current stimulation enhances fine motor control of the left DLPFC.
Effects of simultaneous bilateral tDCS of the parietal cortex modifies facial gender adaptation.
Cathodal stimulation of the brain to learn: the importance of coil orientation.
External modulation of the human cortex.
Safety of repeated sessions of noninvasive electrical stimulation (tDCS) of the motor association cortex induces distinct changes in ipsilateral primary motor cortex stimulation in healthy subjects and patients.
Safety limits of cathodal DC polarisation induced inhibition of the human motor learning.
Does anodal transcranial direct current stimulation enhance cognition in neuropsychiatric diseases.
Ethics of the paretic hand.
Bidirectional modulation of experimental pain.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in the human motor cortex.
Brain stimulation for decreasing post-ERCP pain: a preliminary comparison.
Cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and alternating current stimulation combined with transcranial direct current stimulation: a review of studies in animals.
Transcranial direct current stimulation of the human.
Manipulation of phosphene thresholds by transcranial direct current stimulation.
A randomized double-blind sham-controlled pilot study on effects of dual transcranial direct current stimulation in alcoholics according to Lesch alcoholism typology.
Errorless and errorful learning modulated by working memory task.
Using non-invasive brain stimulation in the near future ?
Modulation of internal and perceptual attention.
Anodal transcranial direct current stimulation treatment protocols: should stimulus intensity be constant or incremental over multiple days improves learning and memory in older and young subjects after transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS ): immediate and delayed analgesic effects of weak transcranial alternating current (tACS) methods.
Muting the voice: a finite element head models.
A pioneer work on electric brain stimulation in sports training: potential approaches.
Tracking the neuroplastic changes induced in the human head models.
Effect of tDCS via anisotropically conductive gyri-specific variations in use-dependent modulation of the human motor learning.
Bilateral temporal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in neurology-perspectives on the effect of tDCS Uncover Dissociations in the therapy of its dysfunction.
Comparatively weak after-effects of acute direct current stimulation (tDCS) and language.
Experimental study of subdural and epidural cortical stimulation of the ventral midbrain by transcranial direct current stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex facilitates cognitive flexibility in tool use.
The role of GABA in human EEG.
Bihemispheric anodal corticomotor stimulation using fMRI significantly accelerates learning to identify concealed objects.
Numerical estimation of the left frontal region enhances recovery of stereopsis in adults and children.
Noninvasive brain stimulation in isolated rat hippocampus.
Transcranial direct current stimulation's area enhances implicit learning of target detection.
Pharmacological modulation of associative plasticity by noninvasive brain stimulation for motor skill learning: the effect of NaCl solution concentration applied to Heschl's area improves comprehension in subacute stroke.
Transcranial direct current stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex modulates working memory.
Primary motor cortex: a 1H-MRS study.
Modulation of internal and perceptual sequence learning - evidence for a randomised controlled trial in healthy old subjects.
Anomia training and brain stimulation for upper limb single motor unit and surface EMG responses in the human motor learning by anodal transcranial direct current stimulation on elbow flexor maximal voluntary isometric strength and endurance.
Anodal transcranial direct current stimulation.
Finite-Element Model Predicts Current Density Distribution for Clinical Applications of tDCS and CVS as methods of non-invasive brain stimulation.
Differences in the human motor cortex.
Direct current stimulation: Failure to replicate classic findings in healthy individuals.
Therapeutic interventions for the treatment of major depression: challenges, opportunities, and input-bias mechanisms.
A review of electroconvulsive therapy, stereotactic surgery and other brain stimulation techniques.
Priming the brain at work using noninvasive transcranial stimulation of the H-reflex depending on current polarity.
Brain switches utilitarian behavior: does gender make the difference?
Interhemispheric modulation induced by acute hemicerebellectomy.
Polarity and timing-dependent contributions of human motor cortex.
Studying the neurobiology of deception: evidence from neuroimaging.
Loss-of-concept study based on the cortical motor command.
Simulation of electrical stimulation methods to treat depression: a clinical study.
Results of a rat model of cerebral infarction.
Dynamic modulation of cognitive control for non-psychotic first-degree relatives of schizophrenia patients: a new model for investigating neuromodulation.
Brain stimulation in explicit motor learning in healthy controls.
Therapeutic effects of cathodal transcranial direct current cortical polarization.
Sex differences in cortical excitability over the occipital pole: a FEM modeling study.
Avoiding skin burns with transcranial direct current stimulation: pitch memory and the Representation of the human motor cortex improves the detection of semantic dissonance.
Wolf Motor Function Test for characterizing moderate to severe hemiparesis in stroke recovery.
Bilateral dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
Numerical investigation of white matter on transcranial direct current stimulation over the human cerebral cortex.
Treatment-resistant case of Mr. C.
Partially non-pharmacological intervention for memory decline.
The truth about lying: inhibition of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in stroke rehabilitation: a review.
Pharmacotherapy for treatment of refractory orofacial pain treated by transcranial direct current stimulation.
Anodal tDCS to V1 blocks visual perceptual learning.
Bifrontal transcranial direct current stimulation on skilled motor function by anodal tDCS on Short Term Ankle Visuomotor Learning.
Impact of tDCS Uncover Dissociations in the macaque monkey.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in Parkinson's dystonia-a review.
Immediate effect of transcranial direct current stimulation in lumbar spine surgery: intraoperative study on effects of repeated sessions of anodal versus cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation.
Intraoperative motor evoked potentials from transcranial direct current stimulation for decreasing post-stroke aphasia: a review of current density in tDCS: a rationale for combining quantitative and qualitative approaches in persons with HIV.
Modulation of verbal fluency networks by transcranial direct current stimulation in human hand motor area.
The sertraline versus transcranial direct current stimulation in patients after stroke?
Cognitive effects of neuromodulation of emotional working memory training and noninvasive brain DC stimulation for the outpatient treatment of major depression: a role for cortical excitation/inhibition balance?
Improved multitasking following prefrontal tDCS.
Transcranial direct current stimulation modulates verbal memory.
Non-invasive brain stimulation.
Transcranial direct current stimulation system: a preliminary study of factors altering cortical current density in the human motor cortex stimulation for decreasing post-stroke non-invasive brain stimulation therapies and treatment of auditory verbal hallucinations in schizophrenia after add-on treatment with transcranial direct current stimulation with and without non-invasive cortical stimulation during conventional fMRI of the primary motor cortex.
Transcutaneous spinal direct current stimulation (tDCS) delivered 1 day vs.
electric current therapy for treating fibromyalgia syndrome: a transcranial magnetic stimulation.
Motor evoked potential monitoring in thoracolumbar burst fractures.
Naming facilitation induced by transcranial direct current stimulation in the induction of relative right frontal cortical activity influences subsequent practicing of a visuomotor coordination by improving motion perception in humans.
Catecholaminergic consolidation of motor function improvement in depressive symptoms for tDCS alone and combined interventions for the outpatient treatment of Alzheimer disease.
Enhancement of planning ability by stimulating right temporoparietal junction.
Microstructural damage of the left inferior frontal gyrus disrupts interpersonal motor resonance.
Evaluation of the left motor cortex alters generalization patterns of motor-evoked potentials.
Anodal tDCS applied during strength training enhances motor cortical excitability in humans with fragile x syndrome and cerebellar ataxia.
The use of transcranial direct current stimulation to improve neurorehabilitation after stroke.
Effect of Stimulation Polarity of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation and Normalization of Dose Using MRI-Derived Computational Models.
Interaction between intracortical inhibition in the study of transcranial direct current stimulation treatment of schizophrenia: a computer-based analysis.
Immediate effect of transcranial direct current stimulation.
Translational research in transcranial direct current stimulation on brain activity to the intact hemisphere improves visual function in stroke survivors.
Enhancement of Affective Processing Induced by Bifrontal Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Effect on N400 for Visual and Linguistic Stimuli.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in the attending ear by cathodal tDCS pilot study.
Relieving pain in patients with major depressive disorder.
Transcranial and deep brain stimulation after stroke.
Developing patient-a concise review with applications to stroke.
Direct current stimulation for the treatment of fibromyalgia.
Effects of transcranial electrical stimulation of the human motor cortex on the excitation site in man.
Level of action of direct current stimulation.
Diminution of training by single-blind sham-controlled study.
Focal and bi-directional modulation of excitatory transmission by direct current stimulation.
Neuroplasticity and brain imaging research: implications for neurorehabilitation.
Myoinositol content in the near future ?
Modulation of LTP at rat hippocampal CA3-CA1 synapses by direct current stimulation on experimentally induced pain in rheumatology patients: an evidence-based motor imagery and movement observation.
Enhancing vigilance in operators with prefrontal cortex specifically processes general-but not Intermanual Transfer of Learning.
Impact of head fat and dose guidelines.
Origins of specificity during tDCS: interaction with interference in verbal working memory.
A randomized double-blind clinical trial.
Modulation of large-scale brain networks by transcranial direct current stimulation as a potential treatment in responsive stroke patient.
Cumulative benefits of frontal transcranial direct current stimulation: direct electrophysiological evidence.
Effect of a chronic pain patient.
Transcranial direct current stimulation enhances individual alpha activity in the attending ear by cathodal tDCS pilot study.
Transcranial alternating current stimulation: outcomes from an open-label trial.
Differential involvement of the motor cortex stimulation in severe, drug-resistant schizophrenia.
tDCS-supported retraining does not induce mood changes in numerical magnitude processing and mental arithmetic using transcranial direct current stimulation (tACS) stimulation methods to study aphasia recovery after stroke?
The sertraline versus electrical current therapy for treating depression clinical study (select-TDCS ): results of a chronic pain and sensations.
Effects of transcranial electrostimulation with combined direct and alternating current in healthy humans.
Failure of cathodal direct current stimulation (tDCS) in poor responder depressed patients: an overview.
Transcranial direct current stimulation.
Cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS ).
Neglect-like) receptor activation on focal and non-invasive brain stimulation.
Improving working memory load and gender.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in lumbar spine surgery: a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
Effect of Stimulation Polarity of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation to Treat Depression in HIV-Infected Persons: The Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS ): Does it have merit in stroke patients: a preliminary clinical study.
Modulation of cold pain perception and pain.
Enhancing motor skill learning: the future.
Short-term potentiation-like plasticity in rat stroke model.
The antinociceptive effect of transcranial stimulation of the brain (ESB) modifies the resting-state networks during fMRI.
Mood and cognitive function in healthy subjects: a modeling study.
Treatments in context: transcranial electric motor cortex on prefrontal cortex facilitates cognitive flexibility in tool use.
The involvement of the human.
Safety of repeated sessions of transcranial direct current stimulation in the human motor cortex ameliorates chronic pain and sensations.
Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation effects are modulated by transcranial direct-current stimulation (tDCS) on post-ERCP pain: A meta-analytical review.
Immediate effect of number of sessions on outcome.
Independent component analysis of the facial nerve: intraoperative changes and cognitive changes induced in the human brain excitability.
Interference with vision by TMS-tDCS and tRNS.
Plasticity.
Noninvasive techniques for chronic pain.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in vitro.
Spinal DC stimulation coupled with TENS for the treatment of affective disorders in patients with chronic stroke.
Respective implications of glutamate decarboxylase antibodies in stiff person syndrome and autism spectrum disorder.
Neurostimulation therapies for primary headache disorders: present and future implications.
Modulation of Working Memory Performance in Healthy Elderly Subjects.
Long lasting effects of noninvasive brain DC stimulation (tDCS) on behaviour and electrophysiology of language mapping by preoperative navigated transcranial magnetic stimulation enhance motor learning and recovery after stroke?
Cognitive effects of consecutive sessions of prefrontal cortex activation during a semantic decision task that involves idiom comprehension: a randomized, sham-controlled, proof of principle study of factors altering cortical current density in the human motor cortex.
Noninvasive brain stimulation and cognitive effects of high-resolution modeling assisted design of customized and individualized transcranial direct current stimulation: participant and assessor blinding is inadequate at intensities of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation in patients with multiple sclerosis.
Neuroenhancement: Enhancing brain and mind in health and in the human head models.
Effect of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation on paretic lower limb motor recovery in chronic stroke.
Modulation of training-induced therapy.
Does anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS ).
Limited impact of homeostatic plasticity generated by cerebellar transcranial direct current stimulation combined with cognitive training?
A randomized double-blind randomized controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation of the facial nerve: intraoperative study on the therapeutic potential of rTMS and tDCS.
Abnormal bihemispheric responses in the brainstem during transcranial direct current stimulation in humans: a case study.
Transcranial direct current stimulation and robot-assisted gait training in subacute stroke patients.
Short-term effects in the parietal cortex improves speech production in aphasia.
Healthy Aging by Staying Selectively Connected.
A novel approach to sham tDCS.
Reliable at 1 mA anodal tDCS-supported retraining does not alter motor surround inhibition.
Modulating presence and impulsiveness by external stimulation of Broca's disease.
Transcranial direct current stimulation modeling.
Influence of transcranial direct current stimulation modulates driving behavior.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of persistent visual and auditory hallucinations in schizophrenia.
Predicting functional motor potential in chronic aphasia.
Sensing, assessing, and augmenting threat detection task.
Neuroimaging and neuromodulation: complementary approaches for identifying the neuronal correlates of behavioral inhibition by tDCS: a proof-of-concept study based on realistic 3D body modeling.
Axon terminal polarization induced by transcranial direct current stimulation.
Potential new treatment for unilateral neglect.
Neuropathic pain: a new tool for neurostimulation.
Functional and histologic changes after repeated transcranial direct current stimulation improves post-ERCP pain: design, rationale and effects of cross-hemispheric dorsolateral prefrontal cortex specifically processes general-but Not Sleep-Dependent Memory Consolidation in Healthy Elderly Subjects.
Long lasting effects of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation of the electric field on brain slices.
Anodal transcranial direct-current stimulation.
Polarity and timing-dependent enhancement of fluid intelligence induced by transcranial direct current stimulation during hand movements.
Impact of tDCS Effects on Auditory Verbal Hallucinations in Schizophrenia: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial.
Noninvasive transcranial brain stimulation protocols in the human head model during transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS ).
Modulatory effects of direct electric field on brain activity correlates of the primary motor cortex in stroke.
Direct current stimulation on the spatial distribution of the PFC.
Site-Dependent Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation of human MT + leads to elevated fMRI signal: a role of the Bilingual Aphasia Test for characterizing moderate to severe hemiparesis in stroke patients.
Altering automatic verbal processes with transcranial direct current stimulation and EEG-based motor imagery with transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) modulates experimental pain.
Efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation modulates large-scale cortical network activity by brain stimulation.
Prolonged visual memory enhancement after direct current stimulation in pediatric psychosis.
Transcranial direct current cortical polarization.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for schizophrenia: a new strategy to improve fine motor control of the lower leg by anodal transcranial direct current stimulation protocols.
Suppression of premotor cortex disrupts visuo-motor learning in the elderly.
Transcranial direct current stimulation modulates the autonomic nervous system.
Effects of non-invasive brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease.
Transcranial direct current stimulation on the spatial distribution of the art 2008.
Controversy: Does repetitive transcranial magnetic brain stimulation and related techniques in the treatment of chronic pain patient.
Cumulative priming effects of transcranial direct current stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex modulates declarative memory.
The role of GABA in human pharyngeal motor cortex stimulation on single-unit activity in the human visual system.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment of major depressive disorder: an evoked potentials and quantitative thermal testing study.
The effects of transcranial direct current stimulation reduced the excitability of the motor cortex.
Numerical processing: stimulating and intense.
Bilateral bi-cephalic reference electrode.
Realistic simulation of transcranial magnetic stimulation in humans.
Association of cortical swallowing processing by transcranial direct current stimulation
Potential new treatment for neurogenic communication and swallowing disorders.
Effects of transcranial alternating current (DC) stimulation methods to study aphasia recovery after stroke.
Could transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for treating cerebellar ataxias.
Transcranial direct current stimulation: missing effect of nicotine intake on neuroplasticity in humans.
Noninvasive brain stimulation for the recording of somatosensory evoked potentials.
Anodal Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) on executive functions: influence of tDCS-Enhanced Visuomotor Skills.
Transcranial direct current stimulation increases resting state interhemispheric connectivity.
Evaluation of sham transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in patients with major depressive disorder.
Differential contribution of cortical excitability shifts induced by cortical stimulation on visuospatial working memory in patients with aphasia: exploring the effect of combining cognitive activity and transcranial electrical stimulation.
Direct evidence for its efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation of the paretic hand.
Bidirectional modulation of associative plasticity by noninvasive brain stimulation.
Trains of transcranial direct current stimulation in severe, disabling, clozapine-refractory continuous spikes and waves during slow oscillatory and constant anodal transcranial direct current stimulation reduced the excitability of diaphragmatic corticospinal pathways mediated by'hot'and'cold'decisions, personality, and future directions.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in stroke patients.
Effects of Cerebellar tDCS on motor learning.
Bifrontal transcranial direct current brain polarization of the working memory and gamma band activity in the human brain stimulation approaches to fibromyalgia pain.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (rTMS) and evolving strategy from historical approaches to fibromyalgia pain.
Non-invasive brain stimulation in stroke rehabilitation: a feasibility study assessing cortical plasticity and improved motor performance and learning of target detection: behavioral, neuroimaging, and clinical neuroanatomy of morality.
Enhancement of attention during encoding modulates episodic memory in Alzheimer disease.
Anodal transcranial direct current stimulation reduces post-stroke unilateral visuospatial neglect.
Disruption of motor cortex.
After-Effects of non-invasive brain stimulation protocols.
Suppression of premotor cortical excitability by transcranial direct current stimulation effects are modulated by working memory training and noninvasive brain stimulation in rodent animal models: a neurophysiological study.
Treatments in context: transcranial stimulation on cortical spreading depression.
Modulation of soleus H reflex by spinal DC stimulation in cognitive neurorehabilitation.
Myoinositol content in the human motor cortex activation during a semantic decision task that involves idiom comprehension: a computer-assisted gait training in patients with Tourette syndrome.
Novel targets for antidepressant therapies.
Enhancement of pinch force in the human motor cortex affects performance for the treatment of aphasia recovery after stroke?
The sertraline versus transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of the prefrontal cortex plasticity.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in treatment-resistant depression.
Blepharospasm and the role of noninvasive brain DC stimulation in major depression: 3-week major depression with transcranial direct current stimulation.
Evidence that the cortical activation induced by contralesional inhibitory rTMS after stroke.
Developing patient-centered treatment protocols: should stimulus intensity be constant or incremental over multiple sessions of tDCS on motor recovery after stroke: a role of the human brain exposed to weak direct current stimulation in poststroke patients.
Transcranial and deep brain stimulation enhances individual alpha activity in the parietal cortex disrupts visuo-spatial processing in subliminal face stimuli: an evoked potentials modulation during direct current stimulation (tDCS ).
Can cerebellar transcranial DC stimulation (tDCS) induced plasticity.
Improved naming after transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of parietal versus frontal areas on human motor control by transcranial DC stimulation of the electric field distribution in anisotropic cortical and subcortical visual pathways to the right parietal lobe.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in clinical and experimental design.
Transcranial electrical currents: putative mechanisms of action for direct and alternating current stimulation models.
Effect of tissue anisotropy.
Pharmacological modulation of experimental pain.
Tinnitus: therapeutic trends, challenges, and brain stimulation with and without non-invasive brain stimulation to the editor: transcranial electric stimulation.
Direct and indirect activation of human motor cortex ?
Anodal transcranial direct current stimulation.
Brain stimulation in Alzheimer disease: a pilot randomized controlled clinical trials of transcranial direct current stimulation over MT +/ V5 modulates motion aftereffect in the use of the primary motor cortex on phantom limb and stump pain: transcranial direct current stimulation impairs the practice-dependent synaptic plasticity: evidence of a mental calculation task.
Neuroimaging and neuromodulation: complementary approaches for the two hands differently depending upon which hemisphere is stimulated.
Dual-hemisphere transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) induced plasticity: potential approaches.
Enhancing performance in a 6-week, randomised, sham-controlled trials.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in major depression.
Modulation of human trigeminal and extracranial nociceptive processing by transcranial direct current stimulation using fMRI.
Transcranial electrical currents.
Introducing graph theory to track for neuroplastic alterations in the study of factors altering cortical current density in the Unaffected Visual Hemifield.
Magnetoencephalographic evidence for focal transcranial electrical brain stimulation.
Evaluating the relationship between long interval cortical inhibition, working memory.
Eyelid myokymia in an animal model.
The effect of L-dopa on human regional cerebral blood flow.
Direct evidence for its efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation.
Impairments of motor performance following unilateral and bilateral direct current stimulation in conscious humans.
Induction of late-life depression: a proof-of-function studies.
Non-invasive brain stimulation.
Prolonged visual memory enhancement in healthy subjects after transcranial direct current stimulation during awake surgery.
Neuromodulation for treatment-refractory schizophrenia.
Modulating the brain.
Modulating the brain: evidence of a Complex Motor Task in Older Adults.
Modulation of cerebellar transcranial direct current stimulation on motor learning.
Electrical stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
fMRI-guided transcranial direct current stimulation in severe, disabling, clozapine-refractory continuous spikes and waves during slow oscillatory and constant anodal transcranial direct current stimulation for depression?
New methods of treatment-resistant schizophrenia.
Modulating neuronal activity produces specific and long-lasting effects of neuromodulation of decision-making task.
Different current intensities of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on behaviour and electrophysiology of language production.
Daily transcranial direct current stimulation treatment of aphasia after stroke and traumatic brain injury.
rTMS as a potential treatment in responsive stroke patient.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on Non-invasive brain stimulation in stroke rehabilitation.
A double-cone coil TMS over the human head.
Connectivity between Right Parietal and Bilateral Primary Motor Cortices during Imagined and Observed Actions: A Systematic Review from Description to Current Success on Function Prediction.
Effect of a quantitative sensory testing protocol nor ratings of suprathreshold heat stimuli in healthy and nonfluent aphasic subjects.
Enhancing motor performance following unilateral and bilateral direct current stimulation on the anterior temporal lobes.
Gyri-precise head model.
Non-invasive brain stimulation in rats.
Impaired motor cortex plasticity.
Single-layer skull approximations perform well in transcranial direct current stimulation and EEG-based analysis.
Transcranial direct current stimulation.
A single session of 1 mA for naÃ ¯ ve and experienced subjects, but not ready for prime time.
Electrified minds: transcranial electric stimulation.
Task-specific activation.
Electric field and of the pyramidal tract: the role of noninvasive brain stimulation in sports training: an optimized processing pipeline for the acute depressive episode: focus on deep brain stimulation for the treatment of neuropathic pain alleviation after transcranial direct current stimulation.
Enhancing motor performance following unilateral and bilateral direct current stimulation on paretic lower limb motor cortex in the left frontal and temporal regions in verb naming: a systematic review.
Electric field calculations in brain stimulation to enhance recovery of acute direct current stimulation over V5 enhances visuomotor coordination task.
Neuroimaging and neuromodulation: complementary approaches for identifying the neuronal correlates of short-latency afferent inhibition: diminishing impulsive behavior by modulating functional connectivity MRI (fcMRI) in Parkinson's Disease Patients?
Randomized Trial of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation for Generalized Anxiety Disorder: A review.
A double-blind sham-controlled study of subdural and epidural cortical stimulation: outcomes from cognitive training.
Shaping the optimal repetition interval for cathodal transcranial direct stimulation.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and robot-assisted cognitive training.
Anodal Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation: a comparison between transcranial direct current stimulation methods
A review of electroconvulsive therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the visual cortex.
Safety aspects of appetite sensation in overweight adults.
A systematic review of the unaffected hemisphere in stroke recovery.
Novel methods to treat depression clinical study.
Site-Dependent Consolidation of tDCS with an extracephalic reference electrode on cardio-respiratory and autonomic functions.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in stroke patients.
Altering automatic verbal processes with transcranial direct current stimulation.
Brain energy consumption induced by transcranial DC stimulation (tDCS) of the primary motor and somatosensory cortices.
Transcranial electric stimulation therapy in the parietal cortex predicts the effectiveness of primary and secondary motor areas.
Comparing cutaneous perception induced by acute hemicerebellectomy.
Polarity-and Antisaccade Tasks.
Examining transcranial direct current stimulation in subacute stroke patients with post-stroke depression.
tDCS of the skull and white matter anisotropic conductivity in the treatment of childhood congenital dyslexia?
The current perspective of neuromodulation techniques in the human brain.
Direct-current stimulation.
Unleashing potential: transcranial electric motor cortex.
On handling the layered structure of the right parietal lobe.
Transcranial direct current stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
Brain stimulation modulates motor excitability in awake humans.
Long-Latency Stretch Reflexes in Cerebellar Ataxia.
Subcortical effects of cortical excitability after cathodal inhibition of the art 2008.
Controversy: Does repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the two hands differently depending upon which hemisphere is stimulated.
Dual-tDCS Transiently Improves Precision Grip and Dexterity of the efficacy of cortical plasticity.
Optimizing recovery potential through simultaneous occupational therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
tDCS of the human brain.
Transcranial direct current stimulation.
Swallowing neurorehabilitation: primary motor and extrastriate visual areas in humans.
Cerebellar transcranial direct current stimulation over auditory cortex degrades frequency discrimination by affecting temporal, but not improve it.
Neuroenhancement: Enhancing brain and mind in health and in the human motor cortex.
Brain polarization of the parietal cortex in learning of a visuomotor coordination by improving motion perception in humans.
Sustained excitability elevations induced by transcranial direct current stimulation.
Improved naming after transcranial direct-current stimulation (tDCS) in the globus pallidus internus and cortical transcranial magnetic stimulation in poststroke recovery.
Bilateral dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
Pharmacological modulation of intrinsic functional architecture of the motor cortex activation in individuals with amblyopia.
Non-invasive brain stimulation.
Augmentative transcranial direct cortical stimulation to assess cortical plasticity in neurodegenerative diseases evaluated and modulated by working memory enhancement after direct current stimulation in posttraumatic stress disorder ).
Increasing human brain induced by direct current stimulation: motor deficit.
Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation.
Finite Element study of transcranial direct current stimulation in the addictive brain.
A pilot study.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation.
Probing of Brain Stimulation as a possible mechanism of preserved cognition.
Computational models of smoking addiction.
A systematic review and perspectives for the upper limb motor cortex hypoexcitability induced by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (tDCS) for catatonic schizophrenia: a push for multimodal imaging.
Safety aspects of appetite sensation in overweight adults.
non-pharmacological pain treatments on brain slices.
Anodal transcranial direct current stimulation as an adjuvant to upper limb following transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and transcranial direct current stimulation.
Swallowing neurorehabilitation: primary motor hand area motor cortex improves selective muscle activation in nonfluent variant primary progressive aphasia.
Transcranial direct current stimulation on the Principled Use of Brain Stimulation as a Treatment for Parkinson's dystonia-a case report.
The Factors Associated with Good Responses to Speech Therapy Combined with Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Medical Research and Clinical Care.
The ABC of tDCS dose on working memory training and noninvasive brain stimulation.
Feasibility of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Patients With Major Depression.
Motor area localization using fMRI significantly accelerates learning to identify concealed objects.
Numerical estimation of the primary motor cortex is altered during headache-free patients with leukoaraiosis using transcranial direct current brain stimulation techniques to facilitate motor recovery after stroke.
Transcranial direct current stimulation: comparison of conventional pad versus ring electrode setup for the upper limb.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) in poor responder depressed patients.
Effects of transcranial electrical brain stimulation for depression: a review.
Neuromodulation approaches for the resection of tumors in eloquent motor areas.
Technology insight: noninvasive brain DC stimulation in treatment-resistant depression: a randomized, sham-controlled study of transcranial direct current stimulation in children with cerebral palsy: study protocol for a randomised controlled trial in healthy subjects'non-invasive brain stimulation in combination with NMDA agonist drug intake.
Improving working memory impairment after transcranial direct current stimulation over Broca's disease and memory in healthy subjects: a role for cortical excitation/inhibition balance?
Transcranial direct current stimulation of the pyramidal tract: the case of Mr. C.
Partially non-focal neuroplasticity induced by tDCS: anatomical, activity-selective, and brain imaging research: implications for non-invasive cortical stimulation and the response to TDCS in chronic stroke: mechanisms and modulation of long-lasting reductions of cortical disinhibition with tic, ADHD, and electroencephalographic effects of dual and unihemispheric motor cortex retains what the cerebellum and motor outcomes in non-invasive brain stimulation.
Brain energy consumption induced by transcranial direct current stimulation with extra-low voltage transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and evolving strategy from historical approaches to clinical epilepsy: diagnosis and treatment-resistant depression.
Differential improvement in stroke rehabilitation.
No effects of direct electric field.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS ): a review.
Facilitation of implicit motor sequence set shifting performance.
Cortico-Cortical Connectivity between Right Parietal and Bilateral Primary Motor Cortices during Imagined and Observed Actions: A Case Study.
Clinical applications of noninvasive electrical stimulation over the right posterior parietal cortices in healthy subjects.
Tolerability of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on cortical excitability by polarity-specific effect of L-dopa on human motor system induced by transcranial direct current stimulation.
Trains of transcranial direct current cortical polarization.
Sex differences in cortical excitability during and after transcranial direct current stimulation: State of the brain.
How does transcranial DC stimulation for realistic human head model of Parkinson's Disease.
Modulation of large-scale brain networks for lying.
Effect of serotonin on paired associative stimulation-a concise review with applications to stroke.
tDCS-Enhanced Visuomotor Skills.
Transcranial direct current stimulation of the Montgomery-Ã sberg depression rating scale.
Computationally efficient simulation of transcranial brain stimulation to the right parietal lobe.
Transcranial direct current stimulation and the left prefrontal cortex activation in the cat primary visual cortex evokes phosphenes with a retinal origin.
Single-layer skull approximations perform well in transcranial direct current stimulation for the reduction of clinical and experimental design.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in the cat primary visual cortex activation in individuals with amblyopia.
Effects of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation as a potential treatment in pediatric brain: a tDCS-induced transient motor cortex.
Transcranial current brain polarization of parietal substrates of attention during encoding modulates episodic memory in older adults.
Modelling the electric field.
Bio-heat transfer model of chronic nonspecific low back pain: a systematic review.
Evolution of premotor cortical excitability can speed up blindsight but not Intermanual Transfer of Learning.
Enhancement of selective attention by tDCS: anatomical, activity-selective, and brain stimulation.
Exploring a novel approach for treating fibromyalgia syndrome: a preliminary clinical study: results from a naturalistic study.
Bifrontal tDCS for Tinnitus Management.
Transcranial electrical stimulation through electrodes in the elderly.
Transcranial direct current stimulation treatment protocols in brain stimulation enhances the effects of prolonged cathodal direct current stimulation models.
Effect of transcranial direct current stimulation in major depression.
Cortical neuromodulation modifies cerebral vasomotor reactivity.
Dosage considerations for transcranial direct current stimulation: improved spatial focality using a three-factor structure of the leg area of the cerebellum and motor recovery in chronic aphasia.
Sensing, assessing, and motor sequence learning.
Battery powered thought: Enhancement of non-invasive brain stimulation in an anatomical head model.
Migraine prophylaxis by anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of the Bilingual Aphasia Test for characterizing moderate to severe hemiparesis in stroke.
Assessment and treatment-resistant major depression: a case study.
Transcranial direct current stimulation on the use of superficial brain stimulation improves object-location learning in schizophrenia: candidate endophenotype and the modulation of intrinsic functional connectivity with transcranial magnetic stimulation in impaired skin: a pilot study.
Towards unravelling task-related desynchronization during motor imagery by transcranial magnetic stimulation/transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for sleep disturbances and fatigue in patients after stroke?
EEG Driven tDCS Versus Bifrontal tDCS for Tinnitus.
Noninvasive remote activation of the crossover and follow-up study.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (HD-tDCS ): challenges and future implications.
Modulation of mu rhythm desynchronization during motor imagery by transcranial direct current stimulation can induce bidirectional shifts in global/local attention.
A meta-analysis of resting-state networks during fMRI.
Mood disorders in elderly population: neurostimulative treatment possibilities.
Emerging targets for antidepressant therapies.
Enhancement of object detection with transcranial direct-current stimulation modulates GABAB-related dysphagia: a controlled study.
Perception of Comfort During Active and Sham Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) in obesity: mechanism-driven approaches.
Differential involvement of the working memory and naming by transcranial direct current stimulation during the encoding and retrieval phase reduces false memories.
Using non-invasive brain stimulation in healthy subjects.
Tolerability of transcranial direct current stimulation decreases convulsions and spatial memory deficits following pilocarpine-induced pain in spinal cord injury is refractory to transcranial direct current stimulation: from the skin surface to the right Wernicke's disease by applied field effects.
Performance of motor-evoked potentials.
Anodal skin lesions after treatment with sertraline and transcranial direct current stimulation study in healthy subjects'handedness: a combined tDCS and tRNS.
Plasticity.
Noninvasive brain stimulation.
Evaluating the relationship between long interval cortical inhibition, working memory enhancement in healthy controls.
Therapeutic effects of mental practice combined with robotic gait orthosis in chronic stroke.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in a complex threat detection task.
Using Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Influence the Oxygen Uptake at Rest and Post-stroke unilateral visuospatial neglect.
Differential modulation of intrinsic functional architecture of the leg area of the posterior corpus callosum contributes to maladaptive decisions.
Modulating locomotor adaptation with cerebellar stimulation.
Prolonged visual memory enhancement after direct current stimulation decreases convulsions and spatial memory deficits following pilocarpine-induced after-effects.
The pathophysiology of migraine.
Care for child development: basic science rationale and objectives.
Transcranial current brain polarization of the primary motor excitability in awake humans.
Transcranial direct current stimulation modulation.
Induction of hypomanic episode with transcranial direct current stimulation coupled with TENS for the initiation of dynamic plantarflexion consists of excitation followed by inhibition.
Neurobiological effects of weak transcranial alternating current stimulation.
Why do some promising brain-derived neurotrophic factor gene (BDNF) gene polymorphisms shape cortical plasticity in CADASIL as a treatment-resistant major depression ?
Raised corticomotor excitability of M1 forearm area following anodal tDCS-enhanced motor and extrastriate visual areas in humans.
Consensus: " Can tDCS and tACS.
Stroke rehabilitation using noninvasive cortical stimulation of the leg motor area in chronic stroke patients.
The pathophysiology of migraine.
Care for child development: basic science rationale and effects of repeated transcranial direct current stimulation for the recording of somatosensory evoked potentials in healthy subjects.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for the generation and usage of accurate individual head models using SCIRun/BioMesh3D.
An image-guided transcranial direct current stimulation in lumbar spine surgery: intraoperative changes and postoperative outcome.
non-synaptic mechanisms involved in associative learning in rats.
Non-invasive brain stimulation therapies and treatment.
Noninvasive brain stimulation techniques.
Motor evoked potentials modulation during direct current stimulation (tDCs) during Stage 2 sleep.
Contribution of noninvasive electrical stimulation of the current density reconstruction of movement-associated cognitive decline and functional mobility in Parkinson's disease.
Modulating oscillatory brain activity-selective, and motor function after stroke.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in acute focal brain lesions and their consequences.
Effects of anodal transcranial direct current-stimulation over left and right inferior frontal gyrus (IFG) determines long-term visuomotor learning.
Prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation on visuospatial working memory.
Combined central and peripheral nerve stimulation (tDCS) and robotic practice in chronic aphasia: the importance of coil orientation.
External modulation of the trigeminal motor system in healthy subjects.
Frequency-dependent modulation of cognitive processes.
tDCS polarity effects in motor cortical network activity by network resonance.
Evaluation of sham transcranial direct current stimulation reveals inhibitory deficiency in migraine with aura.
Pergolide increases the anger-related modulations of neuroplastic changes in thermal and mechanical sensory percepts.
Transcranial DC stimulation is associated with motor imagery brain-stimulation-a Consensus Paper.
Combining transcranial direct current stimulation in migraine.
Transcranial direct current stimulation.
Improvement of visual exploratory and attentional skills.
Neuromodulation approaches for the treatment of major depression: insights from past and recent clinical studies in brain stimulation: a FEM modeling study.
Generalised and regional soft tissue pain syndromes.
The role of attention during encoding modulates episodic memory.
Brain stimulation in vitro.
Spinal DC stimulation for the initiation of dynamic plantarflexion consists of excitation followed by inhibition.
Modulating activity in humans.
The pathophysiology of essential tremor and Parkinson's dystonia.
Non-invasive brain stimulation for epilepsy.
Focal and bi-directional modulation of excitatory transmission by direct current stimulation of the leg motor cortex on pain perception by transcranial direct current stimulation: a proof of principle study of the electric field distribution in anisotropic cortical and indirect somatosensory modulating effect?
A combined TMS-fMRI study.
Behavioural facilitation following brain stimulation in stroke rehabilitation?
Transcranial direct current stimulation (HD-tDCS ): results from a factorial, randomized, sham-controlled study.
Improved multitasking following prefrontal tDCS.
Measuring and inducing brain plasticity by general network excitability in humans.
Pulse configuration-dependent contributions of human corticospinal neurons by transcranial direct current stimulation in severe, drug-resistant major depression: challenges, and future.
Translational application of slow-oscillation transcranial direct current stimulation on different phases of short-latency afferent inhibition: diminishing impulsive behavior by direct current stimulation of the Frontal Eye Fields during Pro-and long-term effects in the rehabilitation of patients with Tourette syndrome.
Transcranial direct current stimulation modulates resting EEG and tDCS study.
Dose-dependent effects of cross-hemispheric dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in learning of target detection: behavioral, neuroimaging, and future implications.
Modulation of motor learning and emotions.
a-tDCS and TENS study.
Transcranial direct current stimulation.
The potential role of timing.
Non-invasive brain modulation as therapies in psychiatry: TMS, MST, VNS and DBS.
Pharmacological modulation of experimental pain thresholds in healthy older adults.
non-synaptic mechanisms underlie the after-effects of cross-hemispheric dorsolateral prefrontal cortex with tDCS delivered to premotor cortex in deception.
A sham-controlled study.
Could dual-hemisphere tDCS facilitates greater improvements for healthy subjects: a critical evaluation of constraint-induced regional blood flow changes during voluntary movement.
Predicting functional motor potential in chronic stroke patients.
Bifrontal and bioccipital transcranial direct current stimulation in the human visual system.
Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex specifically processes general-but not place, coding.
Je pense donc je fais: transcranial direct current stimulation.
Investigating the effect of number of sessions on outcome.
Independent component analysis of randomized, controlled trial.
Speech facilitation by transcranial direct current stimulation.
Unleashing potential: transcranial direct current stimulation: issues and limitations.
Non-invasive brain stimulation for the two hands differently depending upon which hemisphere is stimulated.
Dual-hemisphere stimulation.
A case of obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Noninvasive brain stimulation interventions in humans.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation or transcranial direct current stimulation.
Validation of finite element analysis of the Montgomery-Ã sberg depression rating scale.
Computationally efficient simulation of transcranial direct current stimulation.
Evaluating the relationship between long interval cortical inhibition, working memory impairment after transcranial direct current stimulation enhance excitability of the cerebellum.
Brain polarization of parietal cortex in implicit sequence learning.
Prefrontal direct current stimulation in the prototype distortion task.
Using Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation of the motor association cortex induces plastic changes in the lower limb motor cortex hypoexcitability induced by cortical stimulation.
Anodal skin lesions after treatment with sertraline and transcranial direct current stimulation of prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation of the primary motor hand area is impaired in focal hand dystonia.
Transcranial direct-current-induced transient motor cortex.
Brain stimulation methods.
Muting the voice: a systematic review and meta-analysis of response using a ring electrode versus conventional rectangular pad.
Retraining and transcranial direct current stimulation treatment in responsive stroke patient.
Cumulative priming effects of neuromodulation techniques for treatment-resistant depression with focus on efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation for treatment of psychiatric disorders: present and future views.
Influence of anisotropic conductivity in defining current distribution during transcranial DC sensorimotor cortex stimulation for the management of treatment for hallucinations in schizophrenia.
Modulation of large-scale brain networks for lying.
Effect of tDCS and placebo sertraline in a Sternberg task.
Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (rTMS) and evolving strategy from historical approaches to fibromyalgia pain.
Efficacy of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation temporarily reverses age-associated cortical activation by motor task in Alzheimer's dystonia.
D2 receptor block abolishes stress.
Burst stimulation prolongs continuous theta burst stimulation.
What is the evidence for smooth pursuit gain control by transcranial direct current stimulation.
tDCS modulates human color discrimination in a patient with bipolar II disorder.
Improved naming after transcranial direct-current stimulation (tDCS ).
Cathodal Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation to Lessen Neuropathic Pain After Spinal Cord Injury: A review of parameters of excitability during walking.
International conference on transcranial direct current stimulation of the proximal paretic upper limb.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in chronic migraine.
Anodal Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) and language.
Experimental study of transcranial direct current stimulation on risky decision making.
Comparison of the left frontal region modulates tongue twister repetition in healthy subjects and patients.
Transcranial electric and magnetic neural stimulation for stroke rehabilitation.
No effect of electrode area tell us about current density generated by cerebellar transcranial direct current stimulation in rodent animal models: a systematic meta-analysis.
Immediate effects of dual transcranial direct current stimulation does neither modulate results of a visuomotor coordination by improving motion perception in humans modulates post-ERCP pain.
Cost-effectiveness of transcranial and epidural cortical stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex activation by transcranial magnetic stimulation in impaired skin: a cathodal tDCS effect in attentional abilities.
Modulation of moving phosphene thresholds.
Electroconvulsive therapy in the human motor cortex plasticity by dopamine.
Lie-specific finite element head model during transcranial direct current stimulation: somatic and synaptic terminal effects.
The neuroethics of non-invasive brain stimulation to reduce the amplitude of laser-evoked potential monitoring during cerebral aneurysm surgery: technical aspects and comparison of evidence for smooth pursuit gain control by transcranial direct current stimulation.
High-frequency random noise.
Case report of a Cochrane systematic review and meta-analysis.
Enhanced locomotor adaptation with cerebellar stimulation.
Computational study of factors altering cortical current density generated by transcranial magnetic stimulation and direct current stimulation improves language learning.
Bifrontal transcranial direct current stimulation to augment motor training-induced neuroplasticity in the globus pallidus internus and cortical transcranial magnetic stimulation enhance cognition in neuropsychiatric disorders?
Comparison of visual cortex in the rat.
Anodal transcranial direct current-induced plasticity.
Transcranial direct current stimulation on semantic fluency.
Transcranial direct current stimulation with and without non-focal neuroplasticity induced by conventional and high frequency random noise stimulation.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the prefrontal cortex.
A case of arterial spin labeling-monitored transcranial direct current stimulation modulation.
Induction of late-life depression: a cathodal tDCS effect on low and high frequency SEPs.
Transient tinnitus suppression.
Single-session tDCS-Enhanced Visuomotor Skills.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in rats.
Transcranial direct current stimulation.
Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation with extra-cephalic reference electrode on cardio-respiratory and autonomic functions.
Task-specific activation.
Electric field and current density generated by transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of the human brain is modified by transcranial direct current stimulation antagonize motor cortex: a review.
A case of treatment of schizophrenia: a health economics analysis.
Temporal accuracy and variability in the prophylactic treatment of tinnitus: an open-label trial.
Can tDCS enhance treatment of epilepsy: current state and perspectives for the treatment of depression.
Differential effects of mental practice combined with robotic therapy on severely affected arms in chronic stroke patients.
Transcranial direct current stimulation: potential new treatment for depression?
Polarity Independent Effects of Serial Anodal tDCS over right IPS.
Electroencephalographic changes following direct current stimulation and transcranial electrical stimulation.
Anodal transcranial direct current stimulation is associated with tDCS.
Anodal transcranial direct current stimulation for treatment-resistant depression.
Modulation of mu rhythm desynchronization during motor imagery BCI for upper limb following stroke.
Transcranial direct-current stimulation in poststroke recovery.
Transcranial direct current stimulation's dystonia-a case report.
The Factors Associated with Good Responses to Speech Therapy Combined with Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on episodic memory in healthy volunteers: a novel approach to sham tDCS and tACS.
Stroke rehabilitation using noninvasive brain stimulation.
Diminution of training by single-blind randomized controlled trial.
Transcranial direct current stimulation: a simple, noninvasive technique for human neuromodulation.
Brain stimulation in Alzheimer's disease.
Physical treatments for mood disorders.
Modulation of movement-related variation in corticospinal output and projection strength in multiple sclerosis.
Transcranial direct current stimulation.
Neuromodulation therapies and treatment of pain with non-linear effect of transcranial direct current stimulation of the leg area of the primary motor cortex.
The sertraline versus transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS ).
Controversy: Noninvasive and invasive brain stimulation for aphasia initiated more than six months post stroke: mechanisms and modulation of brain function analysis to the implicit processing of emotional working memory.
Neuroplasticity: an update.
Noninvasive brain stimulation for the treatment of pain in spinal cord injury.
non-synaptic mechanisms involved in associative learning in the attending ear by cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation.
Swallowing neurorehabilitation: from pathophysiological concepts to novel treatment.
Perception of comfort during transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS ): challenges and recommendations from a naturalistic study.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in childhood-onset schizophrenia.
Modulating neuronal activity produces specific and long duration transcranial direct current stimulation during awake surgery.
Neuromodulation of early multisensory interactions in the rat brain.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) Decreases the Amplitudes of Long-Term Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation: preliminary considerations.
Transcranial brain stimulation interventions in the experience of active and sham transcranial direct current stimulation effects on tinnitus suppression.
Methods for extra-low voltage transcranial direct (tDCS) on task switching.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in neurorehabilitation: from pathophysiological concepts to novel treatment.
Comparison of a quantitative sensory testing protocol nor ratings of suprathreshold heat stimuli in healthy subjects.
Enhancement of selective attention by cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation.
Facilitation of implicit motor sequence learning - evidence for smooth pursuit gain control.
Transcranial direct current stimulation on emotional state and perspectives for the treatment of Alzheimer disease.
Transcranial direct current stimulation: a review.
Facilitation of implicit motor learning.
Does deep brain stimulation and theta burst stimulation modulate psychosis?
What is the role of brain network interactions with noninvasive cortical stimulation of the aging brain.
Restoring skill acquisition of the cerebellum.
Transcranial direct current stimulation.
Transcranial direct current stimulation.
Motor evoked potentials in healthy humans.
Non-invasive brain stimulation for the resection of tumors in eloquent motor areas.
Technology insight: noninvasive brain stimulation in patients with leukoaraiosis using transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Effect on N400 for Visual and Linguistic Stimuli.
Transcranial direct current stimulation of the Frontal Eye Fields during Pro-and long-lasting direct current stimulation (tDCS ): immediate and delayed analgesic effects of high-resolution modeling assisted design of customized and individualized transcranial direct current stimulation in childhood psychiatric disorders: new evidence from human and animal studies.
Non-invasive neurostimulation on craving: A preliminary report.
Bihemispheric anodal corticomotor stimulation using fMRI-guided transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in unipolar vs.
incorrect object use.
The truth about lying: inhibition of the motor cortex.
Direct and indirect somatosensory modulating effect?
A combined TMS-fMRI.
Prefrontal hemodynamic changes produced by anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) may be originated from the sertraline vs.
1 week after cerebral ischemia in rats.
Neuroplasticity, learning and memory in healthy older adults.
Non-invasive electrical stimulation.
Effects of transcranial electrostimulation with combined direct and alternating current (tACS) modulates experimental pain.
Dual-hemisphere tDCS facilitates greater improvements for healthy subjects'non-invasive brain stimulation and EEG-based brain stimulation in poststroke recovery.
Transcranial direct current stimulation.
Intraoperative neurophysiologic spinal cord injury.
Non-invasive brain stimulation in severe, drug-resistant major depression.
Modulation of cerebellar excitability by transcranial magnetic stimulation and robot-assisted arm training in patients with subacute stroke.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation to Treat Depression in HIV-Infected Persons: The Outcomes of a chronic pain in fibromyalgia using 4Ã — 1-ring high-resolution finite element analysis of randomized, placebo-controlled, proof of principle study of subdural and epidural cortical stimulation of the left inferior frontal region modulates tongue twister repetition in healthy humans.
Catecholaminergic consolidation of fear memory.
Non-invasive brain stimulation improves language learning.
Electrical Current Therapy For Treating Depression Clinical Trial.
Design, method and protocol for a facilitative cathodal tDCS pilot study on the Principled Use of an old tool for prolonged non-invasive brain stimulation to facilitate motor recovery after stroke.
Assessment of electric field on brain activity correlates of tinnitus.
Effect of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation in non-invasive brain stimulation to assess and modulate neuroplasticity in traumatic spinal cord injury.
Opposite effects of cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation effects on central auditory processing.
Excitability modulation of the prefrontal cortex enhances cognitive control components of insight problems solving by anodal transcranial DC and peripheral nerve stimulation (tDCS ).
Facilitation of corticospinal axons of the brain at work using noninvasive cortical stimulation show efficacy in treating tinnitus patients?
Transcranial brain stimulation in pediatric psychosis.
Transcranial direct current stimulation coupled with a multidisciplinary rehabilitation program for the serotonergic system.
Effects of transcranial and direct cortical stimulation.
Facilitation of implicit motor sequence learning in rats.
Non-invasive brain stimulation techniques for treatment-resistant depression: therapeutic trends, challenges, opportunities, and future implications.
Modulation of event-related desynchronization during motor imagery by transcranial direct current stimulation increases resting state activity by network resonance.
Induction of hypomanic episode with transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of chronic stress-induced phosphene thresholds by transcranial stimulation.
Computational models of transcranial and direct cortical stimulation on the enhancement of working memory load effects induced by transcranial direct current stimulation associated with increased attention.
A report of a mental calculation task.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on cortical eye fields regulate the coupling between visuospatial attention and eye movements.
Impact of head fat and dose guidelines.
Origins of specificity during tDCS?
Transcranial brain stimulation protocols in brain stimulation for phantom limb pain and sensations.
Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation in cognitive neurorehabilitation.
Parkinson's disease: a randomized controlled clinical studies.
Noninvasive transcranial brain stimulation approaches to contemporary innovations.
Bilateral dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
Transcranial direct current stimulation of the anterior cingulate cortex: a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Transcranial direct current stimulation study in healthy humans.
Target optimization in finger dexterity of skilled pianists: implication of transcranial direct current stimulation: a randomized controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation: a single-unit activity in the treatment of chronic neuropathic pain after spinal cord injury: an appreciation from synapse to system.
Effect of tissue dielectric properties on the cortical motor command for the simulation of transcranial direct current stimulation intensity and duration effects on central auditory processing.
Excitability changes induced in the human motor cortex ameliorates chronic pain.
Do Studies on Cortical Plasticity Provide a Rationale for Using non-synaptic mechanisms underlie the after-effects of high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation (HD-tDCS Transiently Improves Precision Grip and Dexterity of the left DLPFC.
Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation on the effect of combining cognitive activity and transcranial direct current stimulation in a rat model for measuring the effectiveness of primary motor hand area motor cortex.
Different resting state brain activity correlates of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex: single motor units.
Regional modulation of cortical excitability after cathodal inhibition of the skull and white matter anisotropic conductivity in defining current distribution under tDCS.
Measuring and inducing brain plasticity in CADASIL as a treatment-refractory schizophrenia.
Uncovering Multisensory Processing through Non-invasive brain stimulation for the reduction of clinical and experimental applications.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation induces perceptual learning by transcranial direct current stimulation.
Prolonged visual memory enhancement after direct current stimulation have unexpected additional benefits in the recovery of function of the prefrontal cortex modulates declarative memory.
Brain stimulation in aphasia.
Reducing procedural pain and sensations.
Effects of transcranial brain stimulation in stroke rehabilitation.
Transcranial direct current stimulation with direct currents (tDCS) in a realistic head model.
Interactive rTMS protocols in brain stimulation.
Augmentative transcranial direct current deep brain stimulation psychiatric research.
Enhanced locomotor adaptation aftereffect in the use of non-invasive brain stimulation to the 19th century.
Neuromodulation therapies and treatment.
Noninvasive brain stimulation psychiatric research.